[JS] Add Retry Documentation (#1177)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/connectivity/destination.mdx

  The default value is `false`.
- `isolationStrategy`: Specifies how the destination cache is scoped.
  The value is automatically set but [under certain conditions](./destination-cache-isolation.mdx) you may want to optimize it.
- `retry`: Switches on three retries for the request to the destination service.

>   The retires apply only to the call doing the token exchange which may be flaky depending on the token endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The retries apply only to the call that performs the token exchange, which may be flaky, depending on the token endpoint.
```
